The following is an outline of the workflow on the Euroclear Cash Movement Dashboard in LAVA:
1)	The Dashboard as a default will show all projected payments for today’s date (settlement date). Users can change the date to view previous cash movements as well as future Repo cash movements.
a.	All items on screen are verified transactions which would settle on that particular as-of date.
2)	“Projected” cash movements are displayed on the dashboard in their respective sections under the Projected Payable to and Projected Receivable from columns. Projected cash movements are all DvP/RvP transactions where Start Date or Term Date equals the “As-of Date” on the dashboard. The Euroclear movements displayed on the dashboard should follow the MoBetter - Cash Movement Sheets logic. 
3)	Currently, the LAVA cash movement dashboard displays only the sum of “Original Principal” (from the MoBetter cash movement sheet) as “Projected Receivable From” amount and only when the user settles the repo returns in G1, is when cash movement dashboard displays the correct projected amount which is the sum of “Original Principal” and “Interest Payable” for all eligible transactions for each section of the Cash Movement Dashboard.
4)	This existing logic will be enhanced, to display the sum of “Original Principal” and “Interest Payable” for all eligible transactions for each section (New/Pull and Pair-offs), for all sections on the Cash Movement Dashboard, so that the Project amount is consistent with the MoBetter Cash Movement Sheet, regardless of settlement status of the transaction (settled or not).
5)	Euroclear Cash Movement Dashboard will display the following sections:
a.	Header
b.	Customer Repo Payments 
c.	Internal Transfers
d.	Customer and Counterparty Pair-offs
e.	Euroclear Settlement - Bilateral Repo
f.	Reverse Repo (To be reserved for when Reverse Repo is live)
g.	Triparty Euroclear (DVP)
h.	Fails
i.	Reconciliation
6)	“Settled” cash movements will appear in the columns Settled Payable to and Settled Receivable from columns throughout the day as items are settled.
a.	SMTBLUX uses the Euroclear Ops View Dashboard to track whether Euroclear repo transactions have settled. The settlement status is automatically updated based on the settlement of the trade on G1.
b.	Pair-Off settlements are determined based on swift messages (MT545 and MT547) settling the pair-off in G1.
i.	Full pair-offs can be found on the Master Activity Dashboard.
ii.	For partial pair-offs, the resulting returns or new trades will be settled on the Euroclear Settlement Ops View Dashboard.
7)	Only once a transaction is automatically marked as settled on the Euroclear Settlement Ops View Dashboard, the checkboxes for “Approval of the Settled” transactions will get enabled.
a.	SMTBLUX will acknowledge and approve the payment by selecting the checkbox for a transaction and subsequently click on apply button.
b.	SMTBLUX only needs to approve Payable To, and not Receivable From, unless it is specifically meant for Custody or Lending accounts, only then will they approve both Payable to and Receivable From transactions. This will be defined in the descriptions below.
c.	If transaction has not to settled, the “Approval of Settled” box will be grayed out.
d.	Allow approval in bulk with a “Select All” button.
e.	All members of SMTBLUX can approve items, including Global-Custody and Global-Custody-Manager roles. 
f.	Not every section requires approval or Money Wires. See the following section descriptions to view what is applicable for approval by Trade Support.
g.	Once a payment is Approved, the username of the approver will be shown in the Approved By column and the Wire button will appear in bold black to indicate the Money Wire is ready for approval by SMTBLUX i.e., follow the color scheme on the existing Cash Movement Dashboard.
8)	Wire buttons for applicable transactions (as mentioned above) will be available for SMTBLUX to view (highlighted in bold black) at any time for an applicable transaction; these are the same transactions which require Trade Support approval.
a.	SMTBLUX Global-Custody user clicks on the wire button to reveal a pop-up with the money wire instructions. 
b.	The amount on the Money Wire should always match the Settled amount.
c.	The SMTBLUX Global-Custody user can then click on Sign button under Input By and it will save the username of the SMTBLUX user onto the pop-up as well as populate the Input By column on the dashboard.
d.	The SMTBLUX Global-Custody user who inputs the Money Wire can sign it at any time when there is an applicable Money Wire regardless of whether it has been approved or not. This is just an indicator to note that someone has input the money wire, but it is waiting for approval.
i.	If the Settled amount does not equal to the Projected amount, show in a different color scheme (consistent with existing Cash Movement Dashboard) on the dashboard.
ii.	If the Settled amount has changed since an Inputter has signed it, then highlight the Settled amount on the Money Wire in Red, this is to indicate to the approver (SMTBLUX Global-Custody-Supervisor) that the amounts may be different than what was initially entered and should be double-checked i.e., follow the color scheme on the existing Cash Movement Dashboard.
e.	A SMTBLUX Global-Custody-Supervisor is designated as the role that can approve the Money Wire. The Manager cannot approve the Money Wire unless the applicable transaction has been approved by SMTBLUX Global-Custody user, as well as having a SMTBLUX Global-Custody user sign the Input By. 
f.	SMTBLUX Global-Custody role only have access to input the Money Wire and not approve Money Wire access.
9)	After SMTBLUX Global-Custody user has approved the applicable transaction eligible for a Money Wire, the Wire button will now be highlighted in Red. This indicates the Money Wire is available for approval i.e., follow the color scheme on the existing Cash Movement Dashboard.
a.	To approve the Money Wire, it must have already been signed by a SMTBLUX Global-Custody user under Input By. 
b.	The SMTBLUX Global-Custody-Supervisor role is the only one who can approve the Money Wire by signing the appropriate space on the pop-up. However, a manager can also be the inputter. If this is the case, a different Manager must approve the Money Wire.
c.	The Money Wire Approved By column will now display the username of the Manager who approved the Money Wire.
d.	Subsequently, SMTBLUX will manually initiate the cash payments to the customers and counterparties.
10)	To un-approve a transaction, SMTBLUX Global-Custody user can uncheck the Approved checkbox. This can only occur if the associated Money Wire has not yet been approved by a SMTBLUX Global-Custody-Supervisor. 
11)	To un-approve a Money Wire, SMTBLUX Global-Custody-Supervisor role can Unsign the Money Wire Approval on the popup and their username will be removed on the pop-up and the dashboard.
12)	To remove the Input By, the SMTBLUX Global-Custody user can Unsign the Money Wire Input by on the pop-up and their username will be removed on the pop-up and the dashboard.
13)	Cash Wire Codes are necessary for SMTBLUX to determine the right set of instructions for the payment to Euroclear. This will be stored on a LAVA Maintenance screen and managed by SMTBUSA - SL Trade Support.
14)	Show only one line item per cash wire code. 
a.	For Counterparty: the dashboard can only have either payable or receivable under one line (counterparty can net out across other principal owners). Broker numbers can be different but if there is a pair off within the same counterparty with same Cash Wire Code, it needs to be netted to one line item.
b.	For Client: dashboard can have both a payable or receivable under one line (needs to match to MoBetter Cash Movement sheets).





2)	Access rights to “Euroclear Cash Movement Dashboard” screen:
a.	SMTBLUX: 
i.	Global Custody LUX: 
1.	Read access to entire dashboard.
2.	Write access for Payment Amount Approval.
3.	Write access for Money Wire Input.
ii.	Global Custody LUX Supervisor *NEW ROLE*:
1.	Read access to entire dashboard.
2.	Write access for Payment Amount Approval.
3.	Write access for Money Wire Input.
4.	Write access for Money Wire Approval.
ATTENTION: If a Global Custody LUX Supervisor, inputs a Money Wire, then the same Manager, will not be able to Approve the Money Wire. The money wire input by a Global Custody LUX Supervisor will need to be approved by another Global Custody LUX Supervisor.
b.	SMTBUSA:
i.	SL Trade Support (Trade-Support, Trade-Support Manager): 
1.	Read access to entire dashboard.
2.	Write access for Payment Amount Approval.
ii.	Front Office (FrontSide, FrontSide Manager): 
1.	Read-only access to the entire dashboard.
iii.	Middle Office: 
1.	Read-only access to the entire dashboard.
iv.	Back Office User (Back Office, Back Office Manager): 
1.	Read-only access to the entire dashboard.
